# DataFrame (danfojs)

A DataFrame is a two-dimensional data structure used in programming and data analysis, particularly in programming languages such as Python with the Pandas library or in R with the data.frame library. This structure resembles a table or a spreadsheet in which data is organised in rows and columns.

In our case we are using the [danfoJS](https://github.com/javascriptdata/danfojs) library.

The main features of a DataFrame are:

1. **Rows and columns**: Data is organised into rows and columns, where each row represents an observation or record, and each column represents a variable or characteristic. This makes it a very useful structure for working with structured datasets.
2. **Labels**: DataFrames usually have labels or names for both rows and columns. These labels facilitate data access and manipulation, as they allow specific elements to be referred to by names instead of numerical indexes.
3. **Mixed data types**: DataFrames can contain a variety of data types in the columns, such as integers, decimal numbers, strings, dates, booleans, etc. This makes them suitable for representing heterogeneous data.
4. **Operations and manipulation**: DataFrames offer a wide range of operations for data manipulation, such as filtering, selection, aggregation, joining DataFrames, and more. This facilitates data analysis and data cleansing.
5. **Integration with data analysis libraries**: DataFrames are commonly used in combination with data analysis libraries such as Pandas in Python, allowing statistical analysis, visualisations, and other data-related tasks to be performed efficiently.

In short, a DataFrame is a tabular data structure that is widely used in data analysis and programming to effectively manage and manipulate data, making it an essential tool in fields such as data science and data engineering. data science and data engineering.

---

<details>
<summary class="n4l-summary-wiki">Code example basic</summary>

```js
import * as dfd from 'danfojs'

try {

  const dataframe = await dfd.read_csv('../dataset.csv')
  dataframe.describe().print()

} catch (error) {
  console.error(error)
}
```

</details>

---

You can find more code examples in [danfojs docs](https://danfo.jsdata.org/getting-started)