# Objectives

This project shows different tasks that can perform neuronal networks when they are trained by automatic learning, which is why we are going to address from three approaches (classification, identify objects, classify images), each of these approaches are explained below in the following Tickets with a brief description of the technique and how to use the tool with that technique.

Some of the reasons why learning neural networks are the following:

* **Practical applications**: Neuronal networks are used in a wide variety of applications, from voice recognition and computer vision to data analysis and results prediction. Learning about neural networks can help professionals develop skills that can be applied in fields such as medicine, engineering, data science, marketing and many others.
* **Complex problem solution**: Neuronal networks are useful to solve complex problems that have multiple variables and non -linear relationships. By learning neural networks, professionals can develop more effective solutions for these types of problems and improve the precision and efficiency of their analysis.
* **Technological innovation**: Neuronal networks are an innovative technology that continues to evolve and improve. Learning about neural networks can help professionals stay updated in the latest trends and developments in the field of automatic learning and artificial intelligence.

* Neuronal networks are a form of automatic learning that mimics the way the human brain works. These networks are designed to continue and improve from past data and experiences, allowing machines to perform complex tasks that were previously impossible or very difficult for traditional programmed systems.

In summary, learning neuronal networks is important because it can help professionals develop skills that are valuable in a wide variety of fields, solve complex problems more

* * *

# Tabular classification

## Trained models

We must access the section of trained models and select one of the two available.

* Classification of the evaluation by car characteristics
* Flower type classification by flower characteristics

* The tool has a list of representative examples that allow to alter the characteristics form.

By accessing the tool section on both models we can edit the characteristics of the element to predict. The tool has a dynamic form that allows changing the types of neuronal network input data.

## Train models

The tool has a data display that allows you to show the classes and attributes of the dataset. As well as a manager to create, design, train and export a data model.

On the left we have an editor of the different layers that the neuronal network has. It should be allowed the last network layer to have the same number of units as classes to predict.

On the right we have an editor of the different types of data for training, learning rate, iterations number, test bank size, optimizing function, loss function, metric function.

We must press the "Create and train model" button to start the training process of the neuronal network. If all the configuration and selection of the functions are correct then an entry with the different trained models will be added in the table below.

Once trained data model we can make predictions, for this a dynamic form is included with the characteristics of the dataset. Depending on training and selected options, our model will predicted different target classes with greater or lesser precision.


# Object identification

## Trained models

Within the identification of objects we have four models, to use this tool it is as simple as activating the option to use webcam or upload an image.

The tool section has four objects of identification of objects, these models have been optimized to be functional on mobile devices.

* Identification of facial geometry.
* Identification of a complete facial mesh.
* Identification of the joints.
* Object identification (it is also a classifier).

The tool in case of activating webcam identification will activate the filter so that the points that are being detected can be seen in real time. In case of using the option to upload images we can attach a file in PNG or JPG format, said file will be loaded in the same section in three sections, original image, applied filter, image with the filter detected.

# Image classifier

## Trained models

In the image classifier section we can select between two very representative examples of the neural networks. These are the set of mnist images and the set of images.

* MNIST, image classifier that detects numbers.
* Mobilenet, image classifier that can detect 1001 categories.

In the MNIST model it is allowed to select from a list of images that contain a number, draw in a dog the number to predict or upload an image of a number.

In the Mobilenet model, a list of example images that can be selected or we can upload an image that the neuronal network will analyze to be able to classify have been included.

For both models the system will make a prediction that will indicate the percentage of precision that it has detected.
